add history format config docs (#15)
atuinsh/docs: src/content/docs/configuration/config.mdx

exit_mode = "return-query"
```

### history_format

> The history format allows you to config default history list format - which can also be specified with the --format arg.
> 
> ```
> The specified --format arg would prioritize the config when both existing
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The history format allows you to configure the default history list format - which can also be specified with the --format arg.

The specified --format arg will prioritize the config when both are present
```
